Update README (#13)
equinor/isar-robot: README.md

# isar-robot
[ISAR](https://github.com/equinor/isar) - Integration and Supervisory control of Autonomous Robots - is a tool for integrating robot applications into Equinor systems. Through the ISAR API you can send command to a robot to do missions and collect results from the missions.

> Running the full ISAR system requires an installation of a robot with some required interfaces. isar-robot is a default implementation of such a robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the full ISAR system requires an installation of a robot which satisfies the required [interface](https://github.com/equinor/isar/blob/main/src/robot_interface/robot_interface.py). isar-robot is a default implementation of such a robot.
```

# Installation
For installation of isar-robot to use with ISAR, please follow the robot integration [installation guide](https://github.com/equinor/isar#robot-integration).

# Run isar-robot

> After installing isar-robot, it can be runned with [ISAR](https://github.com/equinor/isar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing isar-robot, it can be used through [ISAR](https://github.com/equinor/isar).
```
